So, guys, I have prepared this special lecture regarding setting up Linux development environment
on your local machine.
So for those who are familiar with the Linux and those who are already using Linux for some time now
can escape this lecture, I have prepared a special lecture only for those students who are not familiar
with the Linux, and they will be learning on the Linux operating system for the first time as a part
of this cause.
All the coding assignments that you will be doing and discourse will be done on Linux operating system.
So here I have given this checklist.
So make sure you have exercised all these points which are mentioned in this checklist.
So what are all the software that you need?
You need to install the software called Virtual Box and you need to have a Linux operating system in
this course.
I have used Ubuntu fourteen point zero four.
So if you are using Linux operating system for the first time, I would recommend that you use one to
fourteen point zero for.
I recommend you to use the same Linux distribution as mine so that whatever changes or configuration
I do in my operating system are exactly the same changes you will also need to do in your operating
system.
So you would not have to break your head on the Internet trying to figure out how to do the same thing
in your Linux distribution.
So I would recommend you, if you are absolutely beginner of Linux operating system, then use the same
operating system as mine.
And we will be using the get for all your projects and assignments, so what is good that I will explain.
So all the steps of this checklist I have mentioned in this YouTube, I will share that you are allowed
to this YouTube in the resource section.
So don't worry.
All the software to be used and all the installation and steps that is required to install those software
are actually explained in pretty much detail in this YouTube video.
So let us go through this checklist so you should have a working laptop and your host operating system
could be any operating system, but I assume that your operating system has windows.
So host operating system is the operating system, which comes with your laptop and you actually but
chairs the laptop from the shop.
Right now, you need to have a virtualization software that that virtualization software I would recommend
to use as virtual box because it is free.
Now, what is the use of this virtual box, this virtual box software will allow you to install another
operating system on the top of your host operating system, that you can install as many operating systems
as you want.
So as a part of this course, using what Shellback software you need to install the Linux operating
system, which is open to fourteen point zero four.
So you will have one to fourteen point zero four installed in your virtualization software, so that
012 operating system that is installed on your host operating system using virtualization software is
called virtual machine.
So test Internet connection from inside your virtual machine, which is actually able to operating system
by pinging to any public website www.youtube.com from terminal.
Right.
So if you are able to ping, it means you are virtual machine is connected to the Internet, then you
need to have certain software installed on a virtual machine such as women or so women's editor in which
you will do all your programming assignments, get you unit to install it on your virtual machine so
that you can access.
So that you can access all the good functionality through the command line or through the terminal,
Tennesee Scope is a small piece of software which helps you to navigate through a source code very easily
and fast.
And the screen is just another small software which allows you to open multiple screens on your terminal
window.
Right.
So it is advisable, but not necessary to have all the software installed on a virtual machine.
Then step six is very much optional.
Either you do it or don't do it, it's up to you.
It's just that if you practice the step six, then you can login into your virtual machine directly
from your Windows hostile operating system.
So for that, you need to have a mobile, extern, to be installed in your Windows operating system.
I have explained the steps of installing the mobile system and the settings that you need to do in order
to login and do your virtual machine from your Windows operating system.
And step seven is actually important these days.
You need to create a good account and you need to do all your coding assignments and upload all your
assignments on your account.
So it is very important to have your GitHub identity because your GitHub account, when maintained properly
and when you have your projects and assignments regularly updated and uploaded on GitHub account, then
the employers will conclude that you actually work very regularly and you are good at coding or various
other stuff.
So basically your account speaks on your behalf and it showcases all your work that you have done to
the employers.
So please take this account very seriously.
And this YouTube will guide you through all of these seven steps that I mentioned in this checklist.
Thank you.